# Contributing to [Project Name]\n\nWe love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:\n\n* Reporting a bug\n* Discussing the current state of the code\n* Submitting a fix\n* Proposing new features\n* Becoming a maintainer\n\n## We Develop with Github\nWe use Github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.\n\n## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests\nPull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase (we use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html)). We actively welcome your pull requests:\n\n1. Fork the repo and create your branch from main.\n2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.\n3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.\n4. Ensure the test suite passes.\n5. Make sure your code lints.\n6. Issue that pull request!\n\n## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/[YourUsername]/[YourRepository]/issues)\nWe use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/[YourUsername]/[YourRepository]/issues/new); it's that easy!\n\n## Write bug reports with detail, background, and sample code\n**Great Bug Reports** tend to have:\n\n* A quick summary and/or background\n* Steps to reproduce\n * Be specific!\n _ Give sample code if you can.\n_ What you expected would happen\n* What actually happens\n* Notes (possibly including why you think this might happen, or stuff you tried that didn't work)\n\n## Use a Consistent Coding Style\n* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs\n* You can try running

pm run lint for style unification\n\n## License\nBy contributing, you agree that your contributions will be licensed under its MIT License.\n\n## References\nThis document was adapted from the open-source contribution guidelines for [Facebook's Draft](https://github.com/facebook/draft-js/blob/a9316a723f9e918afde44dea68b5f9f39b7d9b00/CONTRIBUTING.md)
